https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-3382--ansible/automation changes (#4796)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: applications/ansible_intro.adoc

[#aap-intro]
= {aap-short} integration and introduction 

> {product-title-short} is integrated with {aap} so that you can create prehook and posthook `Ansible job` instances for Git subscription application management. Learn about the components and how to configure {aap-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title-short} is integrated with {aap} so that you can create prehook and posthook `AnsibleJob` instances for Git subscription application management. Learn about the components and how to configure {aap-short}.
```

The application subscription operator is enhanced to define two subfolders named `prehook` and `posthook`. Both folders are in the Git repository resource root path and contain all prehook and posthook {aap-short} jobs, respectively.

> When the Git subscription is created, all of the prehook and posthook `AnsibleJob` resources are parsed and stored in memory as an object. The application subscription controller decides when to create the prehook and posthook `Ansible job` instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Git subscription is created, all of the prehook and posthook `AnsibleJob` resources are parsed and stored in memory as an object. The application subscription controller decides when to create the prehook and posthook `AnsibleJob` instances.
```

> When you create a subscription custom resource, the Git branch and Git path points to a Git repository root location. In the Git root location, the two subfolders `prehook` and `posthook` should contain at least one `Kind:AnsibleJob` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a subscription custom resource, the Git branch and Git path points to a Git repository root location. In the Git root location, the two subfolders `prehook` and `posthook` should contain at least one `kind:AnsibleJob` resource.
```

[#prehook]
=== Prehook

> The application subscription controller searches all the `Kind:AnsibleJob` CRs in the prehook folder as the prehook `Ansible job` objects, then generates a new prehook `Ansible job` instance. The new instance name is the prehook `Ansible job` object name and a random suffix string. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application subscription controller searches all the `kind:AnsibleJob` CRs in the prehook folder as the prehook `AnsibleJob` objects, then generates a new prehook `AnsibleJob` instance. The new instance name is the prehook `AnsibleJob` object name and a random suffix string. 
```

See the following example instance name: `database-sync-1-2913063`.

> The application subscription controller queues the reconcile request again in a one minute loop, where it checks the prehook `Ansible job` `status.AnsibleJobResult`. When the prehook status is `successful`, the application subscription continues to deploy the main subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application subscription controller queues the reconcile request again in a one minute loop, where it checks the prehook `AnsibleJob` `status.AnsibleJobResult`. When the prehook status is `successful`, the application subscription continues to deploy the main subscription.
```

[#posthook]
=== Posthook

> When the application subscription status is updated, if the subscription status is subscribed or propagated to all target clusters in subscribed status, the application subscription controller searches all of the `Ansible job` `Kind` custom resources in the posthook folder as the posthook `Ansible job` objects. Then, it generates new posthook `Ansible job` instances. The new instance name is the posthook `Ansible job` object name and a random suffix string. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the application subscription status is updated, if the subscription status is subscribed or propagated to all target clusters in subscribed status, the application subscription controller searches all of the `AnsibleJob` `kind` custom resources in the posthook folder as the posthook `AnsibleJob` objects. Then, it generates new posthook `AnsibleJob` instances. The new instance name is the posthook `AnsibleJob` object name and a random suffix string. 
```

See the following example instance name: `service-ticket-1-2913849`.

[#ansible-placement-rule]
=== {aap-short} placement rules

> With a valid prehook `Ansible job`, the subscription launches the prehook `Ansible job` regardless of the decision from the placement rule. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a valid prehook `AnsibleJob`, the subscription launches the prehook `AnsibleJob` regardless of the decision from the placement rule. 
```

> For example, you can have a prehook `Ansible job` that failed to propagate a placement rule subscription. When the placement rule decision changes, new prehook and posthook `Ansible job` instances are created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can have a prehook `AnsibleJob` that failed to propagate a placement rule subscription. When the placement rule decision changes, new prehook and posthook `AnsibleJob` instances are created.
```
